Okay,
guys,
we just talked about formatting text in the last lecture.
But just to be clear,
what we've actually done is formatted the properties off the cell itself.
So we had to play around with cell a one on.
We made the phones.
Let's have a look.
We made the phone green.
We increase the font size to 22.
We made it bold,
and it looks very good indeed them at the moment,
we just have text in that.
But because we formatted that cell rather than the text itself within the cell,
if we were to go and select the cell now an over type.
So let's say we just put a bunch of numbers in there.
1234 five.
You can see that the numbers,
despite the fact that it's no longer text,
it's now a different data type,
has retained the formatting that we just set for that cell specifically.
So just one thing to remember when you format a cell B number,
speed funds or anything at all,
the cell itself retains that format in,
So if you ever over type and you change the data type from text to numbers from numbers,
two dates or any combination of those.
The cell itself will retain that formatting until you change it.
They go Now let's move on to lining text.